Stand by for takeoff.
X Tornado, let's go!
Lifting off.
Hold on tight, Sonic.
It's time to deploy
our stabilizing wings.
Do you think they'll be able
to find that seventh Emerald?
It's possible.
But they're not the only ones
who'll be looking for it.
Don't you worry, Creamy.
They're going to find that
Emerald before you know it.
Chao!
Any signs of the Emerald yet,
Tails?
Nope.
Wow, this is so great.
Hmm...
Hey, come on.
Aren't you gonna help look?
Yeah, sure.
Uh...
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Laughing]
It looks like Dr. Eggman
is in a very good mood.
Yes, he seems especially
confident, doesn't he?
Something tells me today
could be a very lucky day.
In fact, those Chaos Emeralds
are as good as mine
if I play my cards right.
Your cards.
No need.
I've already chosen my weapon.
BOTH:
Huh?
You mean, a new weapon, Doctor?
But what is it?
The suspense is killing me.
[Beeping]
You have got to be kidding.
That is the strangest-Iooking
robot I have ever seen.
Sure, he may look like a loser.
But Lucky here
is exactly the charm we need
to capture
that final Chaos Emerald.
[Both gasp]
That's right.
You see,
our plucky little pal here
possesses that
one elusive quality
that will make that Emerald
practically drop
into our waiting hands.
So guess.
BOTH:
What is it?
It's luck.
BOTH:
Luck?
Just wait.
With Lucky on our side, we'll
have that Emerald in no time.
Good luck, Lucky,
and bring back the prize.
This planet isn't so bad,
I suppose,
but I'd do anything
to get back home.
What did that voice say?
WOMAN'S VOICE:
The servers are the seven Chaos.
We can only get back home if we
find all seven Chaos Emeralds.
Well, Sonic and those guys
have four.
Eggman's got one.
And then there's this one
I got from Hawk.
That makes six in all.
But even if we find
the last one,
we'd still have to convince
Eggman to give up his.
And since Sonic and Eggman
don't exactly see eye to eye,
we'll never get back home unless
I can get them to work together.
- [Beeping]
- Huh?
What's that?
You must be Eggman's robot.
Yeah?
What are you doing around here?
Maybe the Emerald
led me here somehow.
[Bell rings]
Lunchtime, children.
- All right!
- I'm starving!
Chris, you want to
eat lunch with us?
Yo, wake up.
I'm not too hungry
right now, guys.
Okay.
We'll catch you later, then.
Yeah, okay.
[Groans]
Hmm...
You know, I think
you and I should visit
the counseling office.
No, thanks.
Come on, Chris.
Let's go.
Are you ready, Chris?
Yeah.
Now, tell me, Chris.
What's bothering you?
I don't know
what's wrong with me.
Lately, I'm feeling
really confused.
Like you're torn?
Yeah.
I think I understand why.
Part of you wants to help Sonic
and his friends return home.
But another part of you doesn't
want to lose your new friends.
It's quite obvious
that this conflict
is creating a war
deep within you, Chris.
You're right!
That's just how I feel,
Mr. Stewart.
It's natural.
But you must face
the fact that one day
your friends are going
to return home.
[Groans]
It's difficult.
But you have to think
of what's best for them.
I know.
Everything's going to be okay.
I promise you.
[Beeps]
Yes?
Just checking in,
Chalkboard Charlie.
Any problems?
No, sir.
Nothing I can't handle.
So what you're saying, Rouge,
is that the Chaos Control
explosion that sent Eggman here
was caused when the seven
Chaos Emeralds came together.
Right.
Yes, I see.
So if we could create
our own Chaos Control,
then we just might solve
our Eggman problem.
I'm afraid it's not that simple.
Really?
Why not?
Mr. President, I think that
we first need to consider
the effects such an action
could have on the safety
of the planet.
Like what?
Quiet.
Go on, Topaz.
Those Emeralds
might create a blast
that could lead to total
global destruction.
Ask Rouge.
She knows.
She's right.
Moving forward without
careful consideration
could create
a worldwide disaster.
I think it's wise to do
everything we can
to keep that
from happening, sir.
I see.
Perhaps until we're sure
of what we're getting into
we need to keep
those Emeralds apart.
I believe so, sir.
The question is,
how do we manage to do that?
Hi, Ella.
Ah! Hi, Chris.
Did you have a good day?
Yeah.
Where is everyone?
They're out looking for the
Chaos Emerald again, like usual.
And Grandpa's gone somewhere
looking for new parts
for his crazy machines.
Thank goodness I can finally
clean up this mess now.
The place seems empty.
This is how it was
before they all got here.
And how it's gonna be
when they go.
[Laughter]
KNUCKLES:
Hello.
[Beeping]
Hey, Knuckles.
What's going on?
Plenty.
Where'd you get that robot?
Well, it's not exactly mine.
I think he belongs to Eggman.
I found him just roaming
around the forest.
Seems pretty harmless, though.
Is Sonic around?
I've gotta talk
to him about something.
Sorry. He's out looking
for the last Emerald.
Then give him this message.
We have only one way
to get back home.
We've got to call a truce
with Dr. Eggman.
A truce?
That'll never happen.
It has to.
But how?
They're sworn enemies.
The only way any of us
will get back home
is to team up with Eggman.
I know it might sound crazy,
and it may even be impossible.
But I have to convince Sonic
that this is the only chance
we've got.
We've all been away from
home for way too long now.
And I'm not about to let
anything stand in our way
of getting back there.
Knuckles is right.
I'm being selfish.
I've got to do whatever I can
to help them.
All right, Knuckles.
I'll give him your message.
Meanwhile, I'll pay a visit
our friend Eggman.
How will you know
where to find him?
I think I spotted
his ship over at Forest Hill.
Bye.
Knuckles.
Mind if I come along?
Why not?
The express train'll get us to
Forest Hill in no time at all.
MAN ON P. A:
Final boarding call.
Forest Hill Express, track 29.
[Both gasp]
[Lucky beeping]
[Groans nervously]
Don't worry, Chris.
Just stay calm,
and I'll do all the talking.
Hey, the robot.
Well, easy come, easy go.
Oh!
Dr. Eggman!
Enemy approaching!
Prepare to launch attack.
Wait!
But, Dr. Eggman.
Look there.
Think of it this way.
If we team up,
we get the Emeralds together,
and Chaos Control
sends us straight home.
But if we keep fighting
like this,
we'll all be stuck here
for good.
And that's bad.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
That's right.
I'd never thought of it
that way.
How could I have been such
a brainless, greedy old fool?
Knuckles!
I don't know how to thank you.
The pleasure is all mine,
Dr. Eggman.
[Sighs]
However,
I do have one condition.
That you allow me to hold
onto your Chaos Emerald.
You hold it?
Come, now, don't you trust me?
Nothing is more important
between allies than trust.
If you're asking me
to trust you,
the least you can do
is trust me.
What do you think?
You can hold it.
[Laughs]
Thanks, Knuckles.
We make a great team.
Well, he did it.
I guess it was the right thing.
But I don't think
Sonic's gonna like it.
Well, well, well.
Who would have thought
our friend Knuckles
was such an honest fellow?
As a matter of fact,
I'd say he's honest to a fault.
What do you mean?
I mean our
naive little knucklehead
is playing right into my hands.
Yes. [Laughs]
- [Beeping]
- [Cat meows]
[Beeping intensifies]
Okay, okay.
A little more.
Okay, kids.
It's that time again.
Everybody dance!
Dance, dance, dance!
[Laughter]
Hey, I'm home.
Chris, it's late.
Where have you been
all this time?
Sorry. I was over
at Danny's house studying.
Oh, by the way, did you guys
find any Chaos Emeralds today?
We didn't find anything, Chris.
[Sighs]
That's good.
I mean, that's bad!
Guys, what's wrong?
Our favorite program
won't be on next week.
Chao! Chao!
Is that all?
Huh?
We'll find that last Emerald,
won't we?
You bet we will, Tails.
Well, I think I'll go for a run.
Sonic, wait up!
That was strange.
Wonder what's wrong.
So what's up?
Well, Sonic, I guess
you must get pretty homesick
being on a different planet
and all.
I don't think about it too much.
Why?
Huh? Oh.
My teacher, Mr. Stewart,
says hi.
That's nice.
I bet Sonic's just as homesick
as the rest of them.
He's just afraid to admit it.
Poor guy.
Did you get them?
Mm-hmm.
I didn't tell anybody
I took them, though.
It's not like we're doing
anything wrong.
Once they find out what we did,
they'll probably be grateful.
Come on.
The signal's coming from
somewhere around here.
Just be on your guard, boys.
Why am I hanging around?
Just keep watch.
We're going to find
that Emerald.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, by the way,
I know where it is.
[Gasps]
Wow.
Chief, I think we found it.
[Knock on door]
Mr. President.
Good news, sir.
We've found Eggman's base.
Let's make the call.
Right.
Report to Area 99.
Dispatch the beetle immediately.
You ready?
Sure.
Oh, hold on.
Why are those two here?
Hey, I... [Gasps]
Oh, what's up?
Chris took the Chaos Emeralds.
- Chao chao chao.
- But why?
He left us a letter
explaining why.
"I'm taking the Emeralds
so that you can all
get back home very soon."
I can't understand
why in the world
he would do something
so foolhardy.
We better go look for him,
Chuck.
Well, Sonic, I guess
you must get pretty homesick
being on a different
planet and all.
Chris took the Chaos Emerald
from inside the X Tornado, too.
We can only fly it
in normal mode now.
Aah!
Where'd he go?
Ah, my new friends.
Welcome.
We brought them.
Let me see.
Ooh, my.
Aren't they lovely?
And I have my Chaos Emerald
right here.
I could open the box
and show it to you,
but it's not safe to expose it
to the others.
Not yet.
[Chuckles]
Yeah, I saw him.
Let's see.
I think he got on the 4:00 train
to Forest Hill.
To Forest Hill?
I'll hold onto the Emeralds
and put them in a safe place.
Uh...
Okay, Doc.
Excuse me, Doctor?
There is an urgent call
from Lucky.
[Beeping]
What?
You've discovered the last Chaos
Emerald in a pile of garbage?
Well done.
Stay where you are.
I'll come to you.
Dr. Eggman,
did he really find it?
Of course he did.
Building a robot
who brings good luck
was my most brilliant
stroke of genius.
Does this mean
we are out of a job?
No such luck.
Well, we have them all,
don't we?
That's great!
Yeah, now I can finally go home.
Ha.
Okay.
[Laughter]
What do you think you're doing,
Eggman?
[Laughs]
Wise up.
You didn't really believe
that I was homesick
like your loser friends,
did you?
The only thing I care about is
establishing the Eggman Empire.
I can do that
on my planet or yours.
It makes no difference to me.
Then you lied to us, didn't you?
[Chuckles]
Ready the Egg Fort II
for takeoff.
BOTH:
Aye, aye!
He's leaving.
H.Q., come in.
Emergency!
Eggman!
Where's Chris?
Up there.
Eggman has him in his ship along
with all the Chaos Emeralds.
Good luck, Sonic!
Will Sonic stop Eggman
in time to save his friends?
Find out next time!